Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V"...
(Yusho)
That's Jack Atlas.
He may be Yuya's friend from
the Synchro Dimension
but he's also
a great adversary
that can push Yuya's
skills to the limit.
(Jack)
Your dueltaining couldn't
make a hyena smile, Yuya!
If I summon
those dragons,
Zarc might take over
Riley's body.
When you're in
a race against time,
you can't afford to slam
on the brakes!
And the Master of Faster
is going to teach you
that lesson
by challenging
you to a duel!
(Declan)
This, Yuya,
is the Multiverse Speedway.
An incredible Duel Runner track
that runs through
all four dimensions!
Let's duel!
Go, Molten Crimson Flare!
(Yuto)
This is how
you're gonna lose?
(Yuri) What's wrong with you?
(Yugo) What's wrong with you?
(Yuto) What's wrong with you?
But what if we
resurrect Zarc?
You know you
can always make things
swing your way again.
So don't you worry about
anything, all right?
Try to enjoy the ride.
(all)
It will give you the strength
to keep moving forward!
(Yuya)
Yuto... Yuri...
and Yugo, you were right.
It's a new dimension,
so it's a new me.
I can't be afraid of who I was
or I'll always be
afraid of what I'll be.
I Xyz Summon!
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon!
(cooing)
Yuya summoning that dragon
must have triggered Zarc.
(Yuya)
Here they are.
All four dimension dragons.
No going back.
It's time for me to
swing into action!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
(roaring)
Hey, Jack!
I was sabotaging myself
by playing with only
half a deck.
I know it wasn't
the smartest of strategies
but that's all changing,
which is terrible news
for you!
I'm no longer scared.
I'll battle you
with all that I've I got!
And you better believe, Jack,
that what I've got is plenty!
Plenty being
the four strongest dragons!
One from each dimension!
And each one is hankering
to get in...
on this duel!
And first up is gonna be
Starving Venom Fusion Dragon!
It steals all of your
Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend's
special abilities
until the end of this turn!
You gotta eat
when you're starving.
You'd know.
Starving Venom Fusion Dragon
isn't finished feasting yet!
It gains both of your
monsters' attack points!
(roaring)
(Crow)
Oh man, I don't know
if it's the Runner,
but Yuya's on some
kinda roll now!
Now Starving
Venom Fusion Dragon
uses the special ability
that it stole from
Scarlight Red
Dragon Archfiend!
It destroys any of
your monsters
that are weaker than
Starving Venom Fusion Dragon,
which is... all of 'em!
Plus, you take 500 points
of damage for each one!
Lands sakes!
I know Yuya wants to win
this Turbo Duel,
but he's goin' after
Jack Atlas like a crazed coyote!
That's downright
un‐neighborly.
Yeah, but Jack's always
prepared for everything.
Nice try, Yuya!
But not
nice enough.
I activate Invalidate!
Special abilities can
no longer destroy
any monsters this turn!
Not bad.
You think I started
dueling yesterday?
I've seen all and done all,
so those
cheap parlor tricks
won't work against me!
Even with four dragons
all I see is one loser!
(Melissa)By gum, the Master
of Faster's as fired‐up as a
mountain lion
with its tail ablaze!
He's showin' the grit
and guts that make him
the pride of New
Domino City!
I guess I gotta
step my game up then.
Or I mean... we have to
step our game up.
Next up, Yuto's
dragon takes the stage!
I use all of Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon's Overlay Units
to activate
its special ability!
Treason Discharge!
Your dragons' attack points
are slashed in half!
But don't worry.
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon
won't let them go to waste
because it takes
them for itself!
Time to fight!
Starving Venom Fusion Dragon,
attack Tyrant Red Dragon
Archfiend!
I activate...
Evasion,
to dodge your attack!
Hoo‐wee!
That strike would've ended it,
but Jack shook it off like
a horsefly dodgin' a swatter!
You may have
stopped one of my dragons,
but I got more plenty more
waiting in the wings!
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon,
attack Tyrant Red Dragon
Archfiend!
Jack's being put out to
pasture for real this time!
(Jack)
I'm activating this
Miracle Action Spell!
It shields Tyrant
and cuts all the damage
I take in half!
(Melissa)
Glory be!
Ya can't cut it much
closer than that!
But Jack isn't
out of the woods yet!
Yuya still has two more
dragons that can attack!
That's why you're
the king, Jack.
I don't know anyone else
who could've
dodged those attacks.
But you won't dodge
a third!
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon,
attack Tyrant Red Dragon
Archfiend!
Spin Storm Sky Strike!
So what!
I'm sending Invalidate
to the graveyard
so that I can cut all
the damage I'm taking in half!
Your dragons will
not end me!
(cooing)
What's wrong, dear?
Every time
Yuya's dragon attacks,
Zarc is slowly waking up
inside Riley.
I'm down to
one last attack,
but that's all
I need!
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon,
attack Scarlight
Red Dragon Archfiend
and finish Jack!
(Yuya)
Attack Scarlight Red Dragon
Archfiend and finish Jack!
I activate Rejuvenation!
Not only can
you no longer destroy
Scarlight Red Dragon
Archfiend,
but it bulks it up with
800 extra attack points!
All right!
Thanks for the lift,
Clear Wing!
And now with the help of
the Action Spell
Charge Recklessly,
I can lift Odd‐Eyes'
attack points by 600!
No!
Impossible!
And that's not all!
Odd‐Eyes deals you
double the damage!
Great, Yuya!
He won!
(laughing)
(Melissa)
Yee‐haw!
It's over!
After an epic duel that
spanned all four dimensions,
we have
a clear‐cut champ:
Yuya Sakaki!
You must be so proud!
That's the way
to play, Yuya.
You earned that victory.
You conquered
your fears to best me.
But... you're still
no dueltainer.
Far from it!
So long!
See you later,
I guess.
Declan...
is Riley smiling now?
See for yourself, Yuya.
That's not a smile
unless you change
the definition
in the dictionary.
So, Zarc's evil
is still in her.
Then it looks
like I failed.
Even with all
four dragons
and my very
best dueltaining.
Was that really your
best dueltaining, Yuya?
Y'know, you sound
exactly like Jack.
He said I still had
a lot to prove too,
and since I couldn't
make Riley smile,
you're both right.
Perhaps you need more
motivation.
How about this‐‐
I'll give
you one shot
at achieving your
lifelong dream.
You'll have one
final duel,
one last
chance to dueltain
and make Riley smile.
If you succeed, I'll promote
you to the pro ranks.
But if you fail,
then you must
never duel again.
Never duel again?
Well, that's a risk
I have to take!
So, you're on, Declan!
'Cause I never
turn down a duel!
Now, who is it that
I gotta face?
Tell me!
The only one worthy
of such importance.
Everyone, Yuya will
now take his pro exam!
And his opponent...
will be me!
He's dueling Declan?!
Go, Yuya!
Remember, Yuya,
to pass this test,
not only must you
win this duel,
but you must
also make Riley smile.
(Yuya)
Got it.
Then... let's
begin this duel!
Generate
the Action Field
Performance Coliseum!
(computerized voice)
Augmented reality
combat system energized.
Generating Action Field.
A circus?
The first time
Yuya and Declan dueled
it was at a circus too!
But that duel
was cut short,
so we don't know
who would've won.
It's like they're
finishing things up
after a long
time out...
like really long!
(Yuya)
This sure is
a blast from the past.
Oh man, I was barely getting
my feet wet in dueltaining,
much less figuring out
all the cool secrets of
Pendulum Summoning.
But every duel I had since then
has led me to becoming
the duelist I am today.
But was it enough?
Winning a tournament
takes skill,
but defeating
me requires perfection!
Let's see if you're
a real champion.
Because if you're not,
you're just
wasting my time.
Your final test
begins now!
Let's duel!
I will allow you to make
the first move, Yuya.
But know that
is the only act of mercy
I will be showing you
this duel.
Good to know, Declan!
First off, I'm summoning
Performapal Duck Dealer
from my hand!
Isn't he supposed to
Pendulum Summon?
Guess Yuya's tryin'
some new moves.
And since birds of a feather
like to flock together,
I can automatically summon
Performapal Card Canard
to take the air!
Next, Performapal Duck Dealer
gives its special ability
a whirl
to deal me another
card from my deck!
I really do hope
it's a good one!
Yes!
Then right away,
I'll activate
Pendulum Card Burst.
By sending both of
my birds south,
I can use
this spell...
to draw two cards!
I set the Pendulum Scale with
Scale Three
Performapal Odd‐Eyes Seer
and my Scale Ten Performapal
Ignition Eagle!
I'm taking control
of this duel starting now!
I'm allowed
to summon monsters
from Level Two
through Nine
all at
the same time!
Now he's in business!
Go for it!
(Yuya)
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready...
to swing into action!
Turn up the heat,
Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
If you can't solve it,
dissolve it,
Performapal
Odd‐Eyes Dissolver!
Spin and win,
Performapal
Odd‐Eyes Synchron!
And migrating all the way back
from my Extra Deck are...
Performapal Duck Dealer
and Performapal
Card Canard!
(all)
Five Monsters at once!
That's uber cool!
You know...
this is just
the opening act!
(Yuya)
Because I'm no longer
afraid of my dragons!
I activate Performapal
Odd‐Eyes Dissolver's
special ability!
I fuse him with
Performapal Odd‐Eyes Seer
in my Pendulum Zone!
To bring out
a diabolical botanical!
I Fusion Summon!
The vicious, voracious,
and venomous
Starving Venom
Fusion Dragon!
But why stop at two dragons
when I can summon a third?
I use
Performapal Ignition Eagle
and my Performapal
Odd‐Eyes Seer
to Synchro Summon!
Beat your wings to whip up
a whirlwind of destruction!
I Synchro Summon!
Clear Wing
Synchro Dragon!
Finally I overlay
Duck Dealer and Card Canard
to build...
the Overlay Network!
Cloaked in shadows
and relentless
in its objective,
I call upon the most
dangerous of dragons!
I Xyz Summon!
Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon!
Look at all those
dragons!
Yuya summoned
four of them on his first turn!
Finally, as a parting gift,
Performapal Card Canard
lets me draw one card
before
my turn ends.
You're up, Declan!
You may have summoned
the four most powerful
dragons in every dimension,
but that power means nothing
if you haven't mastered it.
So let's see if
that power is for real...
or if you're nothing
more than a fake!
Now watch as I use my Scale
One D/D Savant Copernicus
and my Scale Ten
D/D Savant Newton
to set the Pendulum Scale!
I can now summon monsters
from Level Two through Nine
at the same time!
Your skills have improved
since our first duel, Yuya,
but mine have evolved
even more.
I Pendulum Summon...
bringing forth
a trio of monsters!
Behold the three fearsome
immortals
who can command
the obedience of all!
My trio of D/D/D
Doom King Armageddons!
Oh man,
not those again!
Those three monsters
put Yuya through the wringer
in their first battle!
Yeah, and my pants
are no longer dry!
You can stop
sharing now.
To begin, my first
Doom King
will attack your
Starving Venom Fusion Dragon!
After all that work,
Yuya's already gonna
lose his dragon!
Come on, let's move!
Hurry!
I activate
the Action Spell Evasion
to slip through your
attack!
But you won't elude
a second attack!
Doom King number two
will take out Clear Wing!
Really?
Ya think?
(gasping)
You're 0 for two
so far, Declan.
Just before your attack hit,
I activated
the Action Spell Miracle
to save Clear Wing!
I won't let up!
My third Doom King,
strike down Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon!
I activate High Dive!
It increases
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon's
attack points by 1,000!
Making my monster
stronger than yours!
Whoa!
He's beating Declan!
Gong sure does
like that!
Gong's feeing happier
than when Gong's petting
a mile high pile of otters!
Thanks a ton,
you guys!
You were awesome!
You too, pal!
Yeah.
That was a blast.
Our teamwork
is totally on point!
(roaring)
Sorry!
Of course you're pretty
awesome too, Odd‐Eyes!
(Yuya)
Whoa!
I'm really
talking with my dragons!
Like, for real for real!
I bet this is
how it was with Zarc.
Well, before he went
super destruct‐o.
He and his
monsters worked together
so that they could entertain
the crowd.
But then the crowd
shouted for him to go further.
They wanted him to pump up
the thrills and intensity.
It's only when they wanted
more brutality
that Zarc lost his way.
But that's because
he wanted to give them
what they were
asking for.
He wanted to entertain them.
He just went about it
all wrong.
And now all that's left of
Zarc is the evil within Riley.
(whimpering)
(Henrietta)
Riley, why are you crying?
When Zarc
first started dueling
he didn't want to
hurt anyone.
He just wanted
to make people happy.
But instead of spreading joy,
he spread suffering.
So I'm gonna
entertain these fans,
but I'll do it
the right way!
You haven't been
able to prove it yet!
I'm trying!
Well, I'll make you
try harder, Yuya!
And I'll start with this!
The spell Dark Contract
With The Insurance!
For every dragon that
I failed
to destroy this turn,
I'm allowed to
draw one card!
Impressive, right?
He just pulled off
a triple draw!
By replenishing my hand,
countless more strategic
opportunities
are available to me!
I activate
D/D/D Fusion
and fuse it together
with one of my
D/D/D Doom King Armageddons!
I Fusion Summon!
Unite to form D/D/D Super Doom
King Purple Armageddon!
(roaring)
Next I activate the spell card
D/D/D Synchro.
It turns into
a Tuner Monster
that I can tune with
my second
Doom King Armageddon!
I Synchro Summon!
D/D/D Super Doom King
Bright Armageddon!
And calling on the strength
of the Xyz Dimension,
I activate D/D/D Xyz
to summon two
Doom King Armageddons
from my Extra Deck
and use them to build
the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon!
You're completely
unprepared
to face the gloom of
D/D/D Super
Doom King Dark Armageddon!
I activate Dark Armageddon's
special ability
to attach
Doom King Armageddon
as an Overlay Unit!
You couldn't beat my
Doom Kings before.
What chance
do you have now
that they've evolved into
Super Doom Kings?
Your time in
this duel is over.